Added in some background information for zero shot text classification + helpful links (#435)
huggingface/hub-docs: tasks/src/zero-shot-classification/about.md

# Zero Shot Classification

## About the Task

> Zero Shot Classification ([ZSC](https://joeddav.github.io/blog/2020/05/29/ZSL.html)) is a subset of [transfer learning](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transfer_learning) and an attribute of Large Language Models (LLM/s), effectively we use a large pretrained language model to generate a sequence of text that answers an informal question in the form of a prompt. The "prompt" is basically context for some task, [prompt engineering](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prompt_engineering) is a task in and of itself and involves coaxing the correct generations out of a LLM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zero Shot Classification is a subset of [transfer learning](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqqfQnyjmgg) and an attribute of Large Language Models, effectively we use a large pre-trained language model to generate a sequence of text that answers an informal question in the form of a prompt. 
```
Would be nice to add this link: https://joeddav.github.io/blog/2020/05/29/ZSL.html to Useful Resources section as we're trying to give a basic definition here without redirecting the user to a more complicated one to avoid confusion 🙂
I swapped the link for transfer learning to one of our videos as it's less overwhelming compared to a wikipedia page. In here, the end goal is to give basic information to people and at useful resources we redirect them to advanced ones if they want to learn more. The audience includes someone who wants to build something with this task without dealing with internals at the first place 🙂
I found prompt engineering to be overwhelming from first paragraph as well. Can you also divide long sentences into shorter ones (it's a technical writing rule of thumb 🙂)

You can check this page out for inspiration for the language we want to use: https://github.com/huggingface/hub-docs/blob/main/tasks/src/zero-shot-image-classification/about.md

> - Zero Shot differs from Single-Shot or Few-Shot (learning/classification, both terms are used) as there are *no demonstrations* of the task explicitly presented in the prompt. For Single, Few or N -Shot classification a User provides several correct demonstrations of the desired task (the ideal mapping of inputs > outputs in the prompt) to the model. 

Reviewer: The first sentence & parenthesis are creating a bit of an ambiguity. You can feel free to add as much sentences as you want, so long as they're easily readible 🙂 You can check out existing pages for language: hf.co/tasks

> - This feature of language models is a seemingly emergent one that comes about at around model sizes of +100M. The effectiveness at zero-shot tasks seems to [scale with model size](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14165.pdf) and "discovered" as a byproduct of training GPT-3

Reviewer: Can you make this a liiiiitttttle more simpler? 🥺🥺🥺

Here is an example of a zero-shot prompt for classifying the sentiment of a sequence of text:
```
Classify the following Input Text into one of the following 3 categories: [positive, negative, neutral]

Input Text: Hugging Face is awesome for making all of these SOTA models available
Sentiment: positive

```

> One great example of this task with a nice off the shelf model is available at- https://huggingface.co/facebook/bart-large-mnli wherein a User supplies a sequence of text and candidate labels to the model for classification. This is a token level zero-shot example (wherein we provide candidate tokens for the model to select from) -- more elaborate generations are available with larger models, testing these out and getting a feel for prompt engineering is the best way to learn and you can get a feel for it via this [HF Post](https://huggingface.co/tasks/text-generation) or with GPT-3 over at [OpenAI](https://beta.openai.com/playground)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One great example of this task with a nice off the shelf model is available at [this repository](https://huggingface.co/facebook/bart-large-mnli) where a user can input a sequence of text and candidate labels, to the model. This is called token level zero-shot example (wherein we provide candidate tokens for the model to select from) -- more elaborate generations are available with larger models, testing these out and getting a feel for prompt engineering is the best way to learn and you can get a feel for it via this [HF Post](https://huggingface.co/tasks/text-generation) or with GPT-3 over at [OpenAI](https://beta.openai.com/playground)
```
Can you elaborate more on token level zero shot more? I feel like you're jumping from one topic to another. It's perfectly fine, we just try to add stuff in between so the reader doesn't get confused!

# Zero Shot Classification

## About the Task

> Zero Shot Classification is a name for prompting a large language model with a task in natural language. This method, which leverages a pre-trained language model, can be thought of as an instance of [transfer learning](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqqfQnyjmgg) which generally refers to using a model trained for one task in a different application than what it was originally trained for. This is particularly useful for situations where there is little labeled data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zero Shot Classification is the task of predicting a class that wasn't seen by the model during training.  This method, which leverages a pre-trained language model, can be thought of as an instance of [transfer learning](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqqfQnyjmgg). This is particularly useful for situations where size of labeled data is small.
```
The part about different task sounded a bit confusing😅

In Zero Shot Classification we provide a model with a prompt, a sequence of text that describes what we want our model to do in natural language. Zero shot classification does not include any examples of the desired task being completed. This differs from Single or Few Shot Classification, as these tasks include either a single or a few examples of the desired task being completed.

Zero, Single and Few Shot Classification seem to be an emergent feature of large language models. This feature seems to come about at around model sizes of +100M parameters. The effectiveness of a model at a zero, single or few-shot task seems to scale with model size, meaning that larger models (models with more trainable parameters and/or layers), generally do better at this task.

Here is an example of a zero-shot prompt for classifying the sentiment of a sequence of text:
```
Classify the following input text into one of the following three categories: [positive, negative, neutral]

Input Text: Hugging Face is awesome for making all of these State of the Art models available
Sentiment: positive

```

> One great example of this task with a nice off-the-shelf model is available at the widget of this page, where the user can input a sequence of text and candidate labels to the model. This is a *token level* example of zero shot classification and more elaborate generations are available with larger models. Testing these models out and getting a feel for prompt engineering is the best way to learn. 

Reviewer: Maybe explain what token level means?

Author: I omitted it -- I think it makes a bit more sense to say `word level` instead of `token` since the example model covers classification with individual labels, not generated sequences. Thank you for catching this!

# Zero Shot Classification

## About the Task

> Zero Shot Classification is a name for prompting a large language model with a task in natural language.  This method, which leverages a pre-trained language model, can be thought of as an instance of [transfer learning](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqqfQnyjmgg) which generally refers to using a model trained for one task in a different application than what it was originally trained for. 

Reviewer: I think there should be an emphasis of the fact that model hasn't seen the classes previously, as zero shot models are particularly good for when there's no labeled data.

In Zero Shot Classification we provide a model with a prompt, a sequence of text that describes what we want our model to do in natural language. Zero shot classification does not include any examples of the desired task being completed. This differs from Single or Few Shot Classification, as these tasks include either a single or a few examples of the desired task being completed.

Zero, Single and Few Shot Classification seem to be an emergent feature of large language models. This feature seems to come about at around model sizes of +100M parameters. The effectiveness of a model at a zero, single or few-shot task seems to scale with model size, meaning that larger models (models with more trainable parameters and/or layers), generally do better at this task.

Here is an example of a zero-shot prompt for classifying the sentiment of a sequence of text:
```

> Classify the following Input Text into one of the following 3 categories: [positive, negative, neutral]

Reviewer: I got it on my local and I think it would be better if we could cut the ends like this: 

```suggestion
Classify the following input text into one of the following
three categories: [positive, negative, neutral]
```
<img width="783" alt="Ekran Resmi 2022-12-05 10 33 41" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53175384/205579365-0ae86c17-405b-4196-95b1-55d05439ca6d.png">

> Input Text: Hugging Face is awesome for making all of these State of the Art models available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Input Text: Hugging Face is awesome for making all of these 
state of the art models available!
```

> Sentiment: **positive**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Predicted sentiment: positive
```
Markdown asterix doesn't apply for code blocks 🥲

Author: oh my -- thank you for the tip!

```

> One great example of this task with a nice off the shelf model is available at [this repository](https://huggingface.co/facebook/bart-large-mnli), where a user can input a sequence of text and candidate labels, to the model. This is an *token level* example of zero shot classification -- more elaborate generations are available with larger models, testing these out and getting a feel for prompt engineering is the best way to learn and a nice way to develop that feel is available in this [HF Post](https://huggingface.co/tasks/text-generation) or with GPT-3 over at [OpenAI](https://beta.openai.com/playground).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One great example of this task with a nice off-the-shelf model is available at the widget of this page, where the user can input a sequence of text and candidate labels to the model. This is a *token level* example of zero shot classification and more elaborate generations are available with larger models. Testing these models out and getting a feel for prompt engineering is the best way to learn. 
```
GPT-3 and the task page for causal language modeling is out of context for this page as this focuses on zero shot classification.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
